Christmas tree we are going to teach you
do this cane cited sugar with
cool even for him to place it in the
tree once it is dry
let's make the cane cited candy
as I have done before in green and
white so you can see how it looks now
let's do in red in white very
easy with a little white fondant
let's make a roller well you know
that the other day we told you or you can
do it like that with your hands or if you think
easier with the pantilina to smooth the
cakes
You can procrastination and then what happens
that you will always be more
uniform with your fingers because many
sometimes with fingers we tend to leave
lumps in let's say the liters we do
So the truth is that if we do it
with this that aside that is very easy not
it sticks is very comfortable we will stay
more uniform you can help that yes a
let's just say with your fingers on
extremes for let's say help you so that
can run faster and does not stick to the
work mat
so white and good I'm
doing so long enough so that
you see the size me because I am
doing so great because I 'm going to
use these to decorate my tree
Christmas that will be super cool and
so you can do it for the children
little ones are going to have a lot of fun but if
you would like them for cupcakes
you just have to do them more
small but this I already tell you that I'm not going
to put my Christmas tree this year
we'll see
It was a super sweet super cool
then with the roll we are going to do the
red curl
and we stretch well you see that easy and fast
fear us
because many times there are people who
he says is that they hit me nothing without fear
you already know that this is all start and
put that if the first one does not come out or
the second or third will come out but what
you have to lose your fear
Let's see
I believe that with this I have enough
I'm going to cut the fat areas what I do not
I need so much
what are we going to do now we are going to
roll up like this
OK
and now we knead it together so that it
stick and have the texture of candy
because we do not want us to stay in
way of say of sailor knots that
you could say it looks like this if you do not
You see that it goes like uniting red and
white is already a candy shape
lifetime
so we are doing it like this with careful
as themselves if you then anise less
because we will be more wide lines or
less wide
let's cut here
Here we go
and let's go back
Knead together this must be done with a
little bit of care because there are times
the two colors are detached then there is
let's say do it little by little and
joining it well so that the two colors
join and then do not crack and you
crack or let go of one of the
another once this is gone
it looks perfect
you see like this with patience and calmly
you see that
and we cut through here and here you see what
nice you can see you've joined and
it is totally smooth
it's perfect then what do we do
simply
we put like this and cut to the extent that
You want me to tell you what I'm going to do
big to decorate my tree you see a
thing so the only thing that you have to leave it
dry because this one is dry you see and
then simply letting it dry
you could not hang up anymore and if you want
make smaller because you can also
make these little ones to decorate
cupcakes